Whenever I play Minecraft, I always end
up creating an entire religion. I don't
mean to do it. It It just kind of
happens. Like over a decade ago, I built
this random spider farm because I needed
a bunch of string for the trip wires in
my mob farm. But since everyone just
uses cave spider spawners for string
farms, and at the time, mine shafts
didn't generate in super flat, I had to
come up with my own design for a spider
only mob farm. It ended up floating next
to my base for years until I finally
decided to cover it up with something.
And since I'd never built a cathedral
before, I decided to take a stab at it.
It only made sense to start adding
spiderlike features to the build. and
before I knew it, my church had become a
spir. One thing led to another, and
before long, I found myself building a
giant statue of the almighty spider god
on top of my base. Or there was that
time back in high school when after
playing Bioshock, I wanted to try
building an underwater base. I thought a
statue would look nice in front of the
structure, but before I knew it, I was
writing pages of lore about the great
war between the spider god and the
protectors of the sea. But my latest
religion might be the most insane of
all. I wanted to get the blue axelottle
in my super flat world, which is pretty
close to impossible to pull off. So,
naturally, I built an entire redstone
powered temple in the related video,
complete with sacrificial rituals, Zelda
style murals, and mysterious note block
hymns. I have to take off my elytra just
to enter these sacred grounds, and I
routinely pray to a giant bucket called
the great vessel. So I guess the only
question is which religion are you
joining?